[SDTEST][Flaky Tests Management] Improve documentation and explain grace period mechanism (#33962)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tests/flaky_management/_index.md

1. Copy the unique flaky test key that is displayed (for example, `DD_ABC123`).
1. Include the test key in your Git commit title or message for the fix (for example, `git commit -m "DD_ABC123"`).
1. When Datadog detects the test key in your commit, it automatically triggers the remediation flow for that test:
    - Retries any tests you're attempting to fix 20 times (the number of retries is configurable in Flaky Tests Policies settings). 
      - Every retry is tagged with `@test.test_management.is_attempt_to_fix:true` in Test Runs events.
    - Runs tests even if they are marked as `Disabled`.
    - If all retries pass, marks the fix as **in progress** in Flaky Tests Management UI, associates it with the branch used for the fix, and waits for that branch to be merged.
      - The last test retry is tagged with `@test.test_management.attempt_to_fix_passed:true` tag in Test Runs events.
      - We put the test under a 14 days [grace period](#grace-period-mechanism) to give time for the fix to propagate everywhere in the repository.
    - If any retry fails, keeps the test's current status (`Active`, `Quarantined`, or `Disabled`).

>       - The last test retry is tagged with `@test.test_management.attempt_to_fix_passed:false` in Test Runs events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - If all retries pass, marks the fix as **in progress** in the Flaky Tests Management UI, associates it with the branch used for the fix, and waits for that branch to be merged.
      - Tags the last test retry with `@test.test_management.attempt_to_fix_passed:true` in test run events.
      - Starts a 14-day [grace period](#grace-period-mechanism) to give time for the fix to propagate everywhere in the repository.
    - If any retry fails, keeps the test's current status (`Active`, `Quarantined`, or `Disabled`).
      - Tags the last test retry with `@test.test_management.attempt_to_fix_passed:false` in test run events.
```
A bunch of edits for consistency
